[WIP] EKS access entry and policy association changes (#35037)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/d/eks_cluster.html.markdown

* `id` - Name of the cluster
* `arn` - ARN of the cluster.
* `access_config` - Configuration block for access config.

>     * `authentication_mode` - Values returned are CONFIGMAP, API or APIANDCONFIGMAP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `authentication_mode` - Values returned are `CONFIG_MAP`, `API` or `API_AND_CONFIG_MAP`
```

> * `access_config` - Configuration block for access config.
>     * `authentication_mode` - Values reeturned are CONFIGMAP, API or APIANDCONFIGMAP
>     * `bootstrap_cluster_creator_admin_permissions` - Detault to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `access_config` - Configuration block for access config.
    * `authentication_mode` - Values returned are CONFIGMAP, API or APIANDCONFIGMAP
    * `bootstrap_cluster_creator_admin_permissions` - Default to `true`.
```
